You're sorry.
Are you scared?
Because I don't think there's anything you need to be scared about unless you stole something.
Let me ask you a question.
How much money did you steal from the auto plant?
We were done. We couldn't even keep the lights on.
So we thought we'd never step on your toes again.
We'd swear.
We'd swear, swear.
You promise.
Oh, he promises.
Hey buddy.
Now I gave you guys a lot of chances.
Sending you to the cops is like the easy way out.
Hmm?
Good question. Are you going to bury you?
Or should I bury both you guys next to each other?
Hey Dummy, what's up?
You wouldn't believe it.
I went back to change and when I got to the plant,
I bumped into the fair and talked my way into being his driver to the welcome banquet.
Wow, that's really great Dummy.
Congratulations. Good luck.
You seem stressed.
I'm worried about my husband.
He can't make a call to find out.
Alright, I'll sneak a photo of the president.
You have to check out how hot he is.